well howdy they're gonna know the people
it's Bo again so we got us a bonafide
circus up there on Capitol Hill should
have seen this coming Republican
lawmakers stormed the impeachment
inquiry because what they had to say was
that dire that important that they
stormed a skiff carrying cellphones
skiff is a bug proof room by the way
electronic devices aren't allowed inside
but we should have known this was going
to happen should have seen this coming
because McConnell just told them Mitch
McConnell just told them attack the
process attack the tactics because they
can't defend the president's actions
anymore yesterday's testimony was
devastating
so today attack the process what does
that mean means undermine the
Constitution because that's where the
process is laid out means obstruct
Congress means violate their oaths and
like good little foot soldiers they did
exactly what they were told and what was
this dire complaint that all these
theatrics were over well we're not
allowed in the hearing but other
Republicans are just you're not because
you're not on the right committee this
is a incredibly common happens all the
time I've been a lot during Benghazi
closed-door proceedings are very common
now you're not allowed in because well
in addition to being on the wrong
committees you're too dumb to know you
can't carry a cell phone in to ask if I
would assume that that would preclude
you now for us normal folk us commoners
had we done this we would've been
arrested thrown in jail
been rendered ineligible for security
clearance for the rest of our lives
that's what would have happened what's
going to happen them probably not that
not much probably won't do anything
because we're not a nation of laws
anymore it's become very very obvious
fact the president's lawyer was in court
today arguing
if he had murdered someone on Fifth
Avenue they couldn't investigate it he
was immune from prosecution until he
left office we're not a nation of laws
anymore so while we would go to jail our
betters nothing to happen to them very
unlikely because it is a big club and
they're in it we can expect more of this
since they can't defend the president's
actions they have to attack the process
they have to attack the foundations of
the country they have to attempt to
undermine the Constitution because they
care more about their party than they do
the Constitution they care more about
their party than they do Ukrainian lies
they do care more about their party than
justice they care more about their party
than you anyway
it's just thaw now have a good night